FiBo-152: Iterate on SRS (#35)
Cebox82/FiBo: docs/RUP_Architecture.md

### Architectural Goals and Constraints

#### Architectural Goals

> The architectural goals of the FiBO app are to provide users with a comprehensive platform for learning and managing personal finances. The app should be user-friendly, with an intuitive interface that enables users to easily access their personal financial information and tools. It should also be secure, with robust data encryption and authentication protocols to protect user data.

Author: The reason behind why I'm not specific here is because this is a document which is supposed to be on a high flight level. :) Hence, this is not something I would write down.

#### Architectural Constraints

> The architectural constraints of FiBo include technical limitations, such as various screen sizes. There are also operational constraints such as time and budget limitations as well as a team of developers with a big variety of experiences.

Reviewer: - Which sizes ? 
- Is it possible to name the sizes ?
- What exactly do you mean with budget limitations ? I didn't know that we had a budget :D

#### Assumptions
The finance book app assumes that users will have varying levels of financial literacy and experience. Therefore, it should provide a range of resources, from basic data entry to allowing users to enter more data to enable a detailed analysis of their data.

#### Risks and trade-offs

> The risks associated with FiBo include potential security breaches or data leaks, which could lead to loss of user data or financial information. To mitigate these risks, the app will require robust security measures and regular updates to ensure that any potential vulnerabilities are addressed promptly. The trade-offs associated with the finance book app include balancing the desire for rich functionality with ease of use and simplicity for users.

Reviewer: - What kind of security measures ? End-to-End encryption?
The last sentence is unclear to me. How do we want to achieve this goal? Perhaps with an information architecture and navigation that helps users find the functions and information they need quickly and easily. Maybe we could get some feedback from other students or people to help us achieve this goal

Author: I think this is out of scope for this document. Let's talk about this and keep this goal in mind when we are planning the feature.

Compared with https://github.com/willizielke/FitnessWebAppDocumentation/blob/main/Documents/SAD.md and https://github.com/willizielke/FitnessWebAppDocumentation/blob/main/Documents/SAD.md, our document is pretty specific already.

### Architectural Goals and Constraints

#### Architectural Goals
The architectural goals of the FiBo app are to provide users with a comprehensive platform for learning and managing personal finances. The app should be user-friendly, with an intuitive interface that enables users to easily access their personal financial information and tools. It should also be secure, with robust data encryption and authentication protocols to protect user data.

#### Architectural Constraints
The architectural constraints of FiBo include technical limitations, such as various screen sizes. There are also operational constraints such as time and budget limitations as well as a team of developers with a big variety of experiences.

#### Assumptions

> The finance book app assumes that users will have varying levels of financial literacy and experience. Therefore, it should provide a range of resources, from basic data entry to allowing users to enter more data to enable a detailed analysis of their data.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The finance book app assumes that users will have varying levels of financial knowledge and experience. Therefore, it should provide a range of resources. To achieve this requirement the users may simply add their incomming finances in the app for a brief historical overview or use the the features provided by the dashboard panel for a more detailed analysis of their data.
```

#### Risks and trade-offs
The risks associated with FiBo include potential security breaches or data leaks, which could lead to loss of user data or financial information. To mitigate these risks, the app will require robust security measures and regular updates to ensure that any potential vulnerabilities are addressed promptly. The trade-offs associated with the finance book app include balancing the desire for rich functionality with ease of use and simplicity for users.

### Use-Case View

See [3.1 in our SRS](SRS.md#31-functionality).

#### Use-Case Realizations

> 

Reviewer 2: Here we could maybe add some realizations in the future. I think we should wait until everything works fine with the conenction between frontend and backend
